AHALYANJUNA S  
22PD02  
Gender                   
Date of Birth                        
Languages known  
Email  
Mobile   
Github  
LinkedIn   Female  
19 June 2004  
English, Tamil  
22pd02@psgtech.ac.in   
+91-89036 -34045  
Ahalyanjuna  
Ahalyanjuna -S   
Address  
160/31 B, Vadivel Nagar,  
Kamarajar Salai, Madurai - 625009.  
 
OBJECTIVE                                                                                                                         
To obtain a position as a  student intern from May 2025 to November 2025.  
 
ACADEMIC  QUALIFICATION                                              
Currently pursuing 3rd year of 5 -year Integrated M.Sc. Data Science at the Department 
of Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences at PSG College of Technology.  
 
SKILL  SET   
 
AREAS  OF INTEREST      
  ● Data  Analytics      ● Supervised  Learning  
   ● Data Structures  and Algorithms    ● Unsupervised Learning  
 
ACADEMIC  RECORD                                                                                                           
 
● M.Sc. Data Science                     2022 -2027  
PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore.                     9.39 CGPA  
 
● XII (Higher secondary, ISC)                  2022  
Lakshmi School, Madurai.                            98.20  % 
 
● X (ICSE)                    2020  
Lakshmi School, Madurai .                           96.33  % 
 
INDUSTRY BASED PROJECT EXPERIENCE  
 
• Aurolab | Student Intern                May 2024 -June 2024  
Prepar ed flowcharts to represent HR process flows based on discussions with the HR 
team.  Designed potential dashboards for HR teams using Power BI, focusing on their 
requirements.  Learned about HR analytics metrics . 
 Languages  Python, C++, Java  
Frameworks  Streamlit, Django  

NON -ACADEMIC  PROJECTS    
 
• Retweet Trails   
Analy sed Twitter retweet networks for Justin Bieber and One Direction to study the 
dynamics of information spread. The project involved network visualization, centrality 
analysis to identify key influencers, and assessment of diffusion speed. Developed 
using Python , with a Streamlit -based frontend, and utilized Gephi  for network 
visualization.  
 
• SugarRisk  
Developed a web interface with Streamlit  for users to enter their health metrics and 
receive predictions on diabetes risk. Utilized logistic regression and decision trees to 
generate accurate risk assessment s. 
 
ACADEMIC  PROJECTS                                                                                                                                                               
 
• SmartPricing  
Developed a price prediction model for items sold by various Adidas retailers, 
incorporating features such as price sensitivity , competitor pricing , and average 
lagged price . Used  Random Forest  for accurate price predictions and used SHAP  to 
explain the predictions . Designed a Streamlit -based frontend to display visualizations . 
 
• Tamil -E 
Developed a project for transliterating Tamil Brahmi script to modern Tamil using 
Convolutional Neural Networks  (CNNs).  Input images of the script were split into 
individual character images, which were then processed by the CNN model to predict 
the modern Tamil text. A Streamlit  interface was created to  provide interactive 
experience.  
 
• Replace  Right   
The project finds an optimal replacement policy for a machine in a company based 
upon age, revenue, operating cost and salvage value over a certain period making use 
of the mathematical concept of dynamic programming . The project was built using 
the Django  framework, Python for backend logic  and HTML  for front end.  
 
EXTRA -CURRICULAR  ACTIVITIES                             
 
⚫ A Passionate traditional and contemporary style Bharatanatyam Dancer . 
⚫ Serving as the Joint Secretary – Content  at the  Rotaract Club , where I help organize 
events and coordinate with people to write content for social media posts.  
⚫ Participated  in KLA Unhack , a hackathon organized by KLA at PSG College of 
Technology.   
DECLARATION    
 
I, Ahalyanjuna S, do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the 
best of my knowledge.  
Place: Coimbatore    
Date: 20/11/2024                        (Ahalyanjuna S)  