DHARANI S  
22PD11  
Gender                   
Date of Birth                        
Languages known  
Email  
Mobile   
GitHub      
LinkedIn  Female  
29th November 2004  
Tamil, English  
22pd11@psgtech.ac.in  
+91-63823 -18658  
  github.com/DharaniSowmiyan   
  linkedin.com/in/dharanisowmiyan   
 Address  
364/M2, Nethaji Nagar, Vengikkal,  
Tiruvannamalai, Tamil Nadu – 638109.  
 
OBJECTIVE                                                                                                                        
         To obtain a position as an intern for a period of six months from May 2025 to 
November 2025.  
 
ACADEMIC  QUALIFICATION                                             
                       Currently pursuing 3rd year of 5 -year Integrated M.Sc. Data Science at the 
Department of Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences at PSG College of Technology.  
 
SKILL  SET  
 
Languages   C++,  Python  
Libraries and Frameworks  TensorFlow,  Streamlit , OCR  
Tools  Power BI, JavaFX scene builder  
 
AREAS  OF INTEREST  
● Computer Networks  
● Data Analytics  ● Supervised Learning  
● Operating System  
 
 
ACADEMIC  RECORD                                                                                                          
 
● M.Sc. Data Science  
PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore      2022 -Present  
 7.61 CGPA  
● XII (Higher secondary, State Board)  
SRGDS Matric. Hr. Sec School, Tiruvannamalai  2022  
95.16%  
● X (SSLC, State board)  
Sishya Matric. Hr. Sec School, Tiruvannamalai  2020  
95.6 %  
 
 
  

 
NON -ACADEMIC  PROJECTS   
       
• Google  Docs-simulation  
This collaborative writing and editing project , enabling real -time document creation, 
editing, and sharing. Built with React.js, Material -UI, and Socket.io  for frontend and real -
time communication, and MongoDB for data persistence, it ensures seamless, low -latency 
synchronization across multiple users in a distributed system.  
• Social Media Data A nalysis 
This project analyzes social media data to explore public sentiment on environmental 
sustainability. Tweets are processed using BERT -based sentiment analysis to uncover 
opinions and trends. Various analysis measures were performed to reveal human -
environment interactions, opportunities, and challenges in sustainability discourse.  
 
ACADEMIC  PROJECTS                                                                                                                                                              
 
• Image Analysis with YOLOv8 and OCR  
 Developed an object detection and text recognition system using YOLOv8 , Keras OCR on 
subset of COCO dataset. Integrated the models into a Streamlit web application for real -
time image input and processing.  
 
• Spam Detection  
Developed a privacy -preserving email spam detection system using Federated Learning  to 
train models across decentralized data sources without sharing raw data. Implemented 
Natural Language Processing techniques for feature extraction and classification. Enhanced 
data privacy and scalability in detecting spam across diverse user environme nts. 
 
• Music Player  
Developed this project based on data structures concept doubly linked list   which is used 
to play the music files in wav format further it includes the features which allows the users 
to create a playlist, add, delete, search and list the music available in the playlist.  
 
EXTRA -CURRICULAR  ACTIVITIES  AND  ACHIEVEMENTS                      
 
● Sports: Badminton, Handbal l-Demonstrating teamwork, agility and sportsmanship through 
competitive play.  
● Pencil Sketching -Showcasing creativity and attention to detail through expressive artwork.  
● Publicity team member, Radio hub PSGCT -Contributed to publicity vertical by delivering 
public speeches & designing Canva posters.    
         
DECLARATION   
                                                                
 I, Dharani S, do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the 
best of my knowledge.  
 
 
 
Place: Coimbatore          
Date: 31/08/2024                                                                                                                  (Dharani S)
      