SARNIKA SANJIV KUMAR  
22PD31  
Gender                   
Date of Birth                        
Languages known  
Email  
Mobile  
GitHub  
LinkedIn  Female  
15th July 2004  
English, Tamil  
22pd31@psgtech.ac.in  
+91-99445 22244  
github.com/sarnikaa   
linkedin.com/in/sarnika -sanjiv -75a604290/   
 Address  
632/2, Anaipalayam, Sirupooluvapatti Post,  
Tirupur - 641603.  
 
OBJECTIVE                                                                                                                        
To obtain a position as a student intern from May 2025 to November 2025.  
 
ACADEMIC  QUALIFICATION                                             
                       Currently pursuing 3rd year of 5 year Integrated M.Sc. Data Science at the 
Department of Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences at PSG College of Technology.  
 
SKILL  SET  
 
Languages   Python, C++ ,Java , SQL  
Libraries and Frameworks  NetworkX, Scikit -learn  
Tools  PowerBI, Gephi  
 
AREAS  OF INTEREST  
● Data Analytics and Visualization  
● Business Analytics  ● Supervised and Unsupervised Learning  
 
ACADEMIC  RECORD                                                                                                          
● M.Sc Data Science  
PSG College of Technology,  
Coimbatore      2022 -2027  
7.16 CGPA  
● XII (Higher secondary, ISC)  
Nazareth Convent High School and Junior College,  
Udhagamandalam  2022  
 89.6 %  
● X (ICSE)  
Nazareth Convent High School and Junior College,  
Udhagamandalam  2020  
88.2 %  
NON -ACADEMIC  PROJECTS                                                                                                                                                              
● Breast Cancer Detection Using Siamese Neural Networks  
Developed a breast cancer detection system using a Siamese neural network  to classify 
mammograms. Optimized performance with data augmentation, oversampling, and 
hyperparameter tuning . Implemented early stopping and model checkpointing to improve 
accuracy and prevent overfitting.  
 

● Cipheart - Heart Disease Classification with Homomorphic Encryption  
This project utilizes machine learning combined with homomorphic encryption  using the 
CKKS scheme  to build a privacy -preserving application for heart disease classification. The 
TenSEAL library  ensures secure data encryption, while classification is performed using 
Logistic Regression and Naive Bayes  models. The application is deployed through an 
interactive Streamlit GUI.  
● Pyramid Scheme Finance Flow Network Based on Social Network Analysis  
Built a directed graph analysis pipeline in Python with NetworkX to model hierarchical 
financial structures. Applied Motif detection and ERGM  to uncover micro -level patterns 
and connection trends. Designed interactive visualizations with PyVis and Matplotlib , 
extracting insights on operational efficiency and risk management.  
ACADEMIC  PROJECTS                                                                                                                                                              
● Sudoku  
This C++ program implements a Sudoku puzzle generator, solver, and player using a 
backtracking algorithm . It generates random Sudoku grids, ensures unique solutions, and 
provides a command -line interface for users  to solve puzzles, check rules, or view solutions. 
The program also includes validation to guide players during gameplay.  
● Ant Colony Optimization  
This implementation of Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) uses Tkinter  for a GUI, NetworkX  
for graph visualization, and mathematical computations to solve the traveling salesperson 
problem. It initializes cities, distances, and pheromones, simulates ant tours, updates 
pheromones iteratively.  
● F1 Voting System  
An F1 Driver of the Day Voting system project using  socket programming with the TCP 
protocol . Implementation of a multi -threaded voting server  using Python's socket and 
threading libraries. It listens for incoming connections, authenticates voters, processes 
votes, and uses locks to manage concurrent access to shared resources.  
EXTRA -CURRICULARS  AND  ACHIEVEMENTS                                                                                                                                                              
● Participant in ACM India -Summer School 2024 on Compilers for AI / ML Programs.  
● Captain of the Basketball Team.  
● Deputy Games Captain at school (2019 -2020).  
 
DECLARATION                           
 I, Sarnika Sanjiv Kumar, do hereby confirm that the information given above is 
true to the best of my knowledge.  
 
Place: Coimbatore   
Date : 11/02/2025                     (Sarnika Sanjiv Kumar)  