HARSHAN M V  
22PD14  
Gender                   
Date of Birth                        
Languages known  
Email  
Mobile   
GitHub  
LinkedIn  Male  
07th October 2004  
English, Tamil, Hindi, Telugu  
harshanmv04@gmail.com  
9486802376  
Harshan M V  
Harshan  M V 
 Address  
Willow 1 -C, Mayflower Estates,  
Uzhaippalar Street, Vellakinar Village,  
Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - 641029.  
 
 
OBJECTIVE                                                                                                                        
To obtain a position as an intern for a period of six months from May 2025 to 
November 2025.  
 
ACADEMIC  QUALIFICATION                                             
                       Currently pursuing 3rd year of 5 year Integrated M.Sc. Data Science at the 
Department of Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences at PSG College of Technology.  
 
SKILL  SET  
 
Languages  Python, C++, Oracle SQL  
Libraries  NumPy , Matplotlib , Flask  
Tools  Oracle , Power BI, Spyder , Figma  
 
AREAS  OF INTEREST  
● Supervised Machine Learning  
● Data Visualization and analytics  ● Computational Biology  
 
 
ACADEMIC  RECORD                                                                                                          
 
● M.Sc . Data Science   
PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore      2022 -2027  
8.43 CGPA  
● XII (Higher secondary, CBSE)  
Emerald Valley Public School, Salem  2022  
90.17 %  
● X (SSLC, CBSE)  
Emerald Valley Public School, Salem  2020  
     89 %  

INDUSTRY -BASED  PROJECT  EXPERIENCE  
● Cloud Desk  | Data Science Intern         (May 15, 2024 to June 15, 2024)  
Took up the position of a data science summer intern at Cloud Desk, Chennai. Had Gained 
valuable insights on project management and collaborative workflow in the corporate 
environment.  Furthermore, I had worked with technologies of Power BI and Oracle SQL.  
Designed an interactive power BI report for the company.  
 
NON -ACADEMIC  PROJECTS   
       
● Cure for Monkeypox through Biotechnological Methods  (Research)  
Currently doing research to find the cure for monkeypox virus using various biological and 
computational  techniques.  Makes use of several databases like Swiss Target prediction, 
DDBJ, NCBI etcetera.  Mathematical concepts including but not limited to graph theory was 
implemented for the aforementioned. The end result is to form a graph having 
interactions wit h various genes and to find the most influential gene for the 
phytochemical s to act upon. The biological plant chosen is Tinospora Cordifolia.  
 
ACADEMIC  PROJECTS                                                                                                                                                              
 
● Quantum Computing  
Analyzed the means to encode the information using qubit s of the quantum circuits by 
leveraging the modules provided in the IBM’s qiskit library . The image compression was 
done by passing the qubits inside the encoding quantum circuit  via bottleneck layer . Cost 
function was calculated using the swap test and the qiskit.quantum_info’s  Stat evector  
was used for the virtual quantum interface.  
● Resource Constrained Project Scheduling problem  
The problem was solved using dynamic programming  where a completion of a project 
involves completing a group of tasks. The probability of task completion is taken in the 
form as a transition probability matrix. We exhaustively search all possibilities to find the 
sequence of task that has to be completed to minimize the co st, thus modelling it as an 
optimization problem . 
● Weather Forecasting Application  
Developed a  weather system where HTML, CSS, JavaScript , was used along with Python 
Tkinter  thus implementing a hybrid model for the front -end and implementing web 
scraping  concept in python to get live weather data from an external website. The hybrid 
model was created using python Flask.  
 
EXTRA -CURRICULAR  ACTIVITIES  AND  ACHIEVEMENTS                      
 
● Participated and won a variety of MUNs. The founder of GDMUN, an organization aimed 
to make people aware of United Nations.  
● Furthermore, I have participated in and won several debate competitions.  
● Was selected as the judge at IIMUN, and backed a sponsored trip to attend the conference.  
● RJ at the PSG Community Radio 107.8 and was awarded “The Foreign Descent” for my 
English Proficiency.  
● Elected as the class representative for the academic year 2022.     
         
DECLARATION   
                                                                
 I, Harshan M V, do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the 
best of my knowledge.  
 
Place: Coimbatore                                                                                                             
Date : 31/08/2024                    (Harshan M V)  