KAVIYA N S  
22PD16  
 Gender                   
Date of Birth  
Languages known                       
Email  
Mobile   
Github  
LinkedIn  Female  
21st May 2004  
English, Tamil  
22pd16@psgtech.ac.in  
+91-8248110877  
github.com/kaviya -ns 
linkedin.com/in/kaviya -ns 
 
 
  Address  
  No. 4 3, Phase -2, Shri Krishna Nagar , Adavathur East,  
  Allithurai, Santhapuram ,Trichy - 620102 . 
  
 
OBJECTIVE                                                                                                                        
To obtain a position as an intern for a period of six months from May 2025 to 
November 2025.  
 
ACADEMIC  QUALIFICATION                                             
                       Currently pursuing 3rd year of 5 year Integrated M.Sc. Data Science at the 
Department of Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences at PSG College of Technology.  
 
SKILL  SET  
 
Languages  Python, C++, Java  
Libraries and Frameworks  Pandas, Scikit -learn , Flask ,TensorFlow  
Tools  PowerBI  
 
AREAS  OF INTEREST  
● Supervised learning  
● Object -Oriented Programming  ● Data Analytics and Visualization  
  
ACADEMIC  RECORD                                                                                                          
 
● M.Sc Data Science  
PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore      2022 -2027  
6.54  CGPA  
● XII (Higher secondary, CBSE)  
Kam ala Niketan Montessori  School,  Trichy  2022  
 84.80 %  
● X (CBSE)  
Kamala Niketan Montessori School, Trichy  2020  
91.80 %  
 
 
 
 

NON -ACADEMIC  PROJECTS                                                                                                                                                              
      
● HotelierPro  
A Python -based hotel management system with a tkinter  GUI for easy user interaction, 
allowing staff to manage reservations, check -ins, and room assignments. The 
application integrates with an SQL database to store and retrieve guest information, 
room detai ls, and booking records efficiently.  
● Meme Generato r 
Developed a Java  application built using the Swing  frame work, enables us ers to 
create and customize memes effortlessly. The application leverages Graphics2D  for 
high -quality text rendering and provides an intuitive, slider -based customization 
interface.  
● SimpleChain  
Designed and implemented a blockchain  prototype to demonstrate core 
functionalities, including block creation, cryptographic hashing ( MD5 ), and integrity 
verification. Managed transaction records with a genesis block to maintain data 
consistency. Developed a user -friendly interface using Flask  and HTML  for input 
collection and interaction  
      
ACADEMIC  PROJECTS                                                                                                                                                              
 
● AskPDF  
Developed an interactive document question -answering web application using 
Streamlit  and Pinecone , enabling users to upload PDFs, query document content, 
retrieve precise answers using semantic search. It also generates context -aware 
summaries with Hugging Face  models, enhancing content comprehension.  
● Price Forecaster  
Developed a time series forecasting project, including web scraping, data cleaning, and 
exploratory analysis to uncover trends and patterns. Built and optimized machine 
learning models such as Random Forest  and Decision Trees , as well as statistical models 
like ARIMA , to solve real -world forecasting challenges . Evaluated model performance 
using metrics such as Mean Absol ute (MAE)  and Mean squared Error (MSE) ensuring 
accuracy and reliability in predictions.  
● Smart KeyBoard  
A C++ program  which implements a simple spell -checking functionality utilizing a Trie 
data structure. It prompts users to input a word, suggests corrections if misspelled, and 
allows users to add new words to the dictionary.  
 
EXTRA -CURRICULAR  ACTIVITIES  AND  ACHIEVEMENTS                      
 
● Completed courses Machine Learning , Natural Language Processing  from 
Deeplearning.ai . 
● Designed logos and promotional posters for ' Login ', an international technical 
symposium and ' Thiran ’, an intra -collegiate event.  
 
      
DECLARATION   
                                                                
 I, Kaviya N S, do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the 
best of my knowledge.  
 
Place: Coimbatore   
Date :  17/01/2025          (Kaviya N S)
                  